[Boruto] There aren't
enough Great Stone Faces!
Dad is missing, as so
are Old man Kakashi
and Granny Tsunade's!
And also
The New City is gone
and the rest of the village
looks different, too!
Before we entered
that weird dimension,
he told us...
Anyway, I'm off to harvest
the Fox's Chakra now.
(hums grimly)
(hums questioningly)
(Opening Theme Music)
(singing in Japanese)
Thought so.
(hums questioningly)
Warning, warning.
We have deviated a great amount
from our target
Temporal Transfer.
(yelps) It talked!
We did not arrive
at the targeted
Temporal Transfer
coordinates set by
Master Urashiki Otsutsuki.
You said Temporal
Transfer, right?
This village is the
Leaf in the past, then?
It's the past?
Correct.
Around the time that
the Fifth Hokage,
Tsunade, came into power.
Wait, the Fifth?
[Boruto] Wait, are you serious?
[Karasuki] Yes, I'm serious.
[Sasuke] Where's Urashiki?
You said we deviated from
the target coordinates.
Are we in a different
time than him?
Master Urashiki set the
Temporal Transfer target
to when Naruto Uzumaki
was just a young child.
However, due to a malfunction
in the Transfer Space,
we've arrived at a
slightly earlier period
than what was
originally plotted.
Additionally, I calculate that
Master Urashiki Otsutsuki,
who was separated from us,
will arrive a few days from now.
In just a few days, huh?
I knew it.
Urashiki really
was after Naruto.
Huh?
To harvest the Fox's chakra.
Which means that he
planned to come to the past
to drain chakra from a
young and weak Naruto.
(grunts in surprise)
Fortunately, we
managed to arrive here
before he did.
Going after Dad as
a kid isn't fair!
Anyway, we have to find my Dad
before Urashiki can get to him
and make sure we keep him safe,
isn't that right?
Yeah, that's right.
Now then, please
allow me to advise you
on a few precautions
that you must follow
as people from the future
while you're here in the past.
Seriously, who the
hell are you, anyway?
Aren't you part of
Urashiki's gang?
I'm Karasuki, the Noble Device
for Temporal Transfers.
The concept of being
part of a "gang"
is meaningless to me.
Therefore, I have no
loyalty to Urashiki.
My duty is to carry out
Temporal Transfers as requested,
and to relate any necessary
precautionary measures.
It's hard to
understand you when you
talk all formal
like that, turtle.
What "precautionary measures?"
First of all, while
you're here in the past,
if you encounter
people that you have
a deep connection
with, the best practice
is to try your
hardest to make sure
they don't discover
you're from the future.
If they find out
our real identity
and interfere, what'll happen?
Then you may very well end up
influencing the future in ways
you didn't intend
or can't anticipate.
In the worst case situation,
a single action of yours
could alter the future entirely.
So I advise you to act
with extreme caution.
Oh, wow.
[Karasuki] As you
proceed, remember that
you could cause a
person or object
that should exist in the
future to cease being.
(hums grimly)
Well, this all sounds
like a piece of cake!
I'm kinda getting
pumped up, here!
I mean, we're in the Leaf
village before I was born!
(wind blowing)
I really don't understand
your taste in clothes, Sasuke.
[Sasuke] Get over it.
You're not supposed to
exist in this world.
It'll be bad if someone
sees you wearing a headband.
(sighs in annoyance)
All right, I get it.
Where's Karasuki?
Since he doesn't have
enough chakra right now,
he went inside his shell.
So I went ahead and
tucked him into my pouch.
I see.
Amazing!
This is like a completely
different village!
Hey, let's go to Thunder Burger!
I want to see what their
burgers are like in this time!
Too bad it doesn't exist.
What?
No Thunder Burger?
(grunts in surprise)
(footsteps tapping)
Who would've thought
Ichiraku was so tiny?
(laughs) Wow!
Seriously, it's so small!
I can't believe it!
That's what it was like?
(chuckles)
Hey, quiet down, Boruto.
Sorry, it's just weird!
(sighs)
Look, never mind that.
Let's just find Naruto
as soon as we can.
Our goal is to protect Naruto
from Urashiki, remember?
Where do you think Dad could be?
Do you have any idea, Sasuke?
Back in this time, he
would either be at home
or Ichiraku, and we just
saw that he's not there.
(grunts in surprise)
Hey, look.
Isn't that...
(footsteps tapping)
Sakura. This is not good.
Uh, excuse me!
Can I ask you something?
(Boruto yelps)
What do you think you're doing?
(gasps)
What's wrong?
I mean, wouldn't Sakura
know where Dad is right now?
Karasuki told us that
we need to be cautious
while we're here.
Yeah, but...
Excuse me, did you
have a question?
(both grunt in surprise)
Uh, no, uh-
It was nothing, just
a mistake on our part.
(hums in confusion)
There are too many people
we know here in the village.
You've gotta think before
you act from now on, got it?
Yeah, okay, but Sasuke,
if we're supposed to be
here to protect my Dad
as a kid from Urashiki,
then sooner or later,
we're gonna have to
meet him, aren't we?
It's a pain, but
once we find Naruto,
we'll keep an eye on
him from a distance
'til we need to act.
What? We came all the way to
the Leaf Village in the past,
but we have to sneak
around and stay hidden?
If there's any chance that
we might alter the future,
we have to be very careful.
(groans in annoyance)
So boring.
(impact landing)
(body thudding)
[Boruto And Naruto] Ow!
Damn it, watch where
you're going, you know!
[Naruto] What?
I oughta be the one
saying that, you know!
Don't stand around if you
aren't paying attention
to what's going on!
Seriously?
What's your deal?
(groans)
(gasps)
Dad?
Huh?
"Dad?"
What are you even
talking about, kid?
Damn it!
[Jiraiya] Naruto!
Just forget him!
Come on, let's go!
They're right on our tail!
It's him!
The guy from the photo!
-Dad's master!
-(screaming)
Oh, yeah, right!
I almost forgot!
But this entire thing is
completely your fault,
Pervy Sage!
Someone's after you?
Yeah, that's right!
Then just leave it to us!
Are you sure?
Huh?
Thanks, we'll leave
it to you! (chuckles)
You're not getting
away, you peeping toms!
Huh?
Peeping what?
That idiot!
Hey, just hold on!
You're making a
big mistake, here!
The culprits are an
adult male and a child.
And besides, what's that
you're holding in your hand?
(yelps)
Why that old geezer!
Ah, good.
I think we gave them the slip.
Man, you're such a perv.
Always sneaking a
peek, Pervy Sage!
Hey, this is just
research so I can
write an accurate
novel, that's all!
Yeah, right, whatever.
I'm sick and tired of being
punished by Granny Tsunade
because of you!
Fine then, let's just go.
Onto the next peep-
I mean, the next place
to do some research!
(both grunting in surprise)
(both groaning)
And what exactly are
the two of you up to?
(fist smacking)
(both groaning anxiously)
(impacts landing)
[Naruto And Jiraiya] We're
really, really sorry.
We're begging you, Lady Tsunade,
please be kind
enough to forgive us!
Well that takes care
of you two idiots.
Now, you two...
Wait, just hold up!
We're not peeping
toms, I promise!
After talking to these
two, I already know that.
My name's Tsunade.
I'm the Fifth Hokage.
(inhales sharply)
And I don't recognize
the two of you.
What business do you have here?
(gulps nervously)
We're performers.
We go from village to village
and we provide entertainment.
Oh, yeah?
Traveling performers.
Huh?
(all humming in confusion)
-(snaps fingers)
-(ball popping)
(all gasping in awe)
We aren't shinobi,
but nonetheless,
we do use just a little
ninjutsu in our act.
(hums affirmatively)
Ninjutsu, huh?
Something's not quite
right here, you know?
(hums thoughtfully)
Do the two of you know
anything about the incident
that occurred here yesterday?
Huh?
No, we don't know anything.
You see, a genin
deserted the village.
A genin deserted?
That's right.
And that's why the
village is currently under
an emergency alert.
I don't expect you to understand
the ins and outs of all this,
but with the village
in this situation,
you'll have to be
monitored for a while.
What?
Seriously?
I'm sorry, but I'm
afraid that we can't
trust you two just yet.
The same as anyone with even a
hint of suspicion about them.
That said, we can still
be easygoing about it.
Understood?
Yeah, understood.
And that means, Jiraiya, Naruto,
I leave them to you.
[Both] Huh?
Got a complaint?
You bet I do, you know!
Yeah! I can understand giving an
assignment like this to Naruto,
but why do I have to do it, too?
Besides, I'm busy!
I wouldn't mind if they were
pretty girls or something,
but keeping an eye on
this runty little brat
and his weird-looking
youngster friend?
(huffs in annoyance)
(grunts in surprise)
Hey, mister!
Yeah, what?
(smoke puffing)
Does this change your mind?
(screams joyously)
Yeah, okay!
(chuckles lasciviously)
That kid's just showing off now!
You can use
Transformation Jutsu, too?
Uh, just a little.
Traveling performers have to
keep people
entertained, you know?
(sighs in exasperation)
Anyway, it's in your hands now.
Hey, hold on!
If I have to keep
on eye on them,
then what'll happen
to my training?
Look, we can train any
time, so just bear with it!
It's only for a
little while, right?
Yeah, but-
Can't you just do what
you're told, Naruto?
When I was your age,
I was way better
at obeying orders, you brat!
Yeah, right!
Whatever, old man!
I wish I could see how
you really were back then!
Oh, just shut up!
I swear I heard something just
like that before you know?
[Naruto] I'm tired of
listening to you all the time!
(Boruto chuckles)
Boy, that sure was
nerve-wracking.
Damn it!
Thanks to you two, I
got more work to do!
What did you say?
Look, in the first place, Dad-
(hums in confusion)
I mean, you guys
were being stupid!
That's why all this happened!
I told you, that
wasn't my fault!
It was all Pervy Sage's-
Hold on, where'd Pervy Sage go?
[Jiraiya] Then how about
we get some tea, huh?
-(hand slapping)
-(grunts in pain)
Is that a no?
Is he really one of
the Legendary Sannin?
Do we have the right guy?
Yeah, I'm sure that
he is, I think.
(sighs)
Man, he just never learns.
Why don't you just give it up?
Just be quiet, would you?
Like I said, this is
really important research
that I'm doing here.
Okay, never mind!
Just train me
already, all right?
You want to train?
All right, fine.
What?
Really?
Keep an eye on these two guys
and make sure they don't
try anything funny.
That's your training, 'kay?
Huh?
You were gonna dump
them on me all along!
Quiet! Just hurry up
and do as I say!
I'm busy, you hear me?
Hey!
You can't just take off!
Where are you going, you know?
I guess in the end, the
guy's just an old perv.
(footsteps tapping)
Can't believe I gotta
keep an eye on these guys.
Guess this all sort
of turned out okay.
We get to stay close to him now!
(grunts in surprise)
Hey, come on!
(hums questioningly)
Hey, Sakura!
[Sasuke] I've gotta
keep my distance.
Oh, but there's no need to
stay hidden anymore, right?
Sakura and I are too close.
If we get involved with
more people we know,
then we could affect the future.
Okay, but, uh...
Don't leave Naruto's
side even for a moment.
I'll keep watching, but I'll
be doing so from a distance.
(sighs)
Lady Tsunade filled
me in, but are they-
Hey, wait!
You're the one from before!
(hums questioningly)
Are you saying that
you know this guy?
Sorry about earlier.
I just mistook you for
someone else, you know?
You know?
(laughs)
Wow, you sound just like Naruto!
[Both] Huh?
We're nothing alike, you know!
Yeah, I can tell you're
totally different.
[Both] No way, we're
not alike, you know!
(laughs)
All right, can you stop
joking around now, Sakura?
Come on, I should be the
one saying that, you know,
you peeping ninja.
Peeping ninja?
Did you-
Uh, it's nothing,
really, I swear!
(growls angrily)
[Boruto] Wow, Sakura as a kid is
almost exactly like Sarada.
Listen up, you gotta stop
blabbing about everything!
Hey, what happened
to the other guy?
I heard there were two people
you were keeping an eye on.
Huh?
Oh no, where'd
that other guy go?
Oh, uh, he just had
something else to do.
Oh, come on!
Give me a break here, will ya?
I'm the one who's
gonna get punished!
We gotta go and
find him right away!
Don't worry, it'll be just fine.
He isn't gonna go
too far, trust me.
(groans in distress)
How am I gonna explain
this to Granny Tsunade?
Can you handle monitoring them?
Are you sure about this?
I'll be just fine, really!
Watching a brat like him
will be a piece of cake!
Brat? Speak for
yourself, all right?
What?
You two really are alike.
[Both] I told you, we're
not alike, you know!
Yep.
Okay, I've had enough,
I'm going home.
Huh?
But Sakura!
Didn't you come to help
me keep an eye on them?
[Sakura] Since you two
seem to be getting along,
I guess I wasted
my time worrying.
See ya!
(sighs) Man, so
much happened today.
I'm exhausted.
I'm gonna go and look
for a place to stay.
Hey, where do you think
you're going, kid?
-(groans anxiously)
-I mean, it's bad enough
that I lost track
of the other guy.
There's no way I can afford to
let you out of my sight now!
(birds calling)
I don't want Granny Tsunade
to yell at me again.
I really can't have
you running away,
so you're gonna have to stay
here at my place for tonight.
Oh yeah, sorry, but I didn't
catch your name before.
Oh, it's Boruto.
Nice to meet you, Boruto.
My name's Naruto Uzumaki.
Cool, yeah.
(door creaking)
(footsteps tapping)
So this is where my
Dad lived as a kid?
[Naruto] Don't pay any
attention to the mess, okay?
(footsteps tapping)
(door closing)
You live alone?
(grunts affirmatively)
I've always lived
by myself, you know?
I never knew my mom and dad.
(stomach growling)
(both grunting sheepishly)
(both laughing)
I guess my stomach's telling me
it's about time to have
a little dinner, huh?
And since you're my guest,
I'm gonna make you a feast!
A feast?
(groans in disappointment)
A feast, huh?
All right, it's finally ready!
My favorite ramen
from my special stash.
And there's more if
you're still hungry.
I guess childhood favorites
really stay with you.
[Naruto] You say something?
Nope.
(hums curiously)
Well, thanks for the food!
(blowing on ramen)
(slurping loudly)
What's wrong?
It's gonna get cold.
Thanks for the food.
(blowing on ramen)
(slurping quietly)
This stuff's
actually pretty good!
(chuckles)
I know, right?
(soft music)
(sheets rustling)
Um, are you still up?
Yeah.
Hey, so is the other guy
that you're traveling
with your dad?
No, he's actually my master.
That's what I thought.
You don't look like him at all.
So tell me, what's your
real dad like, then?
Well, my dad is...
He's amazingly strong,
and it seems like
practically everybody
depends on him.
He's really busy and doesn't
get to come home a lot.
Is that right, huh?
But even when he is home,
he's so exhausted that
he's pretty much useless.
Oh yeah?
Like how?
Well, for example, one
time on my little sister's
birthday, we got
her a special cake,
but my dad was so tired,
he dropped the whole thing
before we could even eat it!
(laughs)
Yeah, you're right!
Man, he's totally useless!
(laughs)
But you know, it kind
of seems to me like you
enjoy talking about
your family a lot.
Even if your dad's
the way he is,
you don't hate him, right?
(soft music)
(chuckles)
Nah.
I don't hate him at all.
(Closing Theme Music)
(singing in Japanese)
[Sakura] Naruto, Lady Tsunade
has issued a direct order
for all the genin to assemble.
[Naruto] Another annoying order?
[Boruto] Hey, so besides you,
who else is coming, Sakura?
[Sakura] Uh, let's see.
Neji's team, and
Ino's team, and...
Well, you don't know them.
[Naruto] I'm getting tired
of just watching you,
so we'll go, too!
[Boruto] Next time on Boruto:
Naruto Next Generations:
"Genin Assemble!"
A direct order for all
the genin to assemble?
I wonder what it is.
(singing in Japanese)